---
title: Awards
permalink: /Awards
layout: page
author: JamieStray
date: 2018-10-23T08:35:52Z
category: 
---
## Purpose of Medals

Medals have a very long existence in the history of the 29th Infantry
Division. Please note, while many medals have realistic roots, not all
medals will be 100% accurate, based on our needs as a unit. Medals are
intended to serve as positive reinforcement to show praise for a
particular accomplishment or action. They are selective in nature in
order to maintain an integrity and purpose. It may be important to
consider who has been awarded a medal in the past when considering to
award a medal to a soldier under your command.

### Distinguished Service Cross

Highest medal in the 29th. This soldier has proven himself to be
exceptional in every regard.

![Dsc.gif](images/Dsc.gif "Dsc.gif")

![Dscribbon.gif](images/Dscribbon.gif "Dscribbon.gif")

## Leadership

### French Croix De Guerre

Awarded for leadership contributions that greatly benefit the Battalion
as a whole.

### Distinguished Service Medal

Awarded to soldiers who have carried out duty successfully and
responsibly. Contributing not only what is expected in the 29th, but who
has made contributions above and beyond the expectations of any member
in the 29th.

![Dsm.gif](images/Dsm.gif "Dsm.gif")

![Dsmribbon.gif‎](images/Dsmribbon.gif‎ "Dsmribbon.gif‎")

### American Campaign Medal

Awarded for exemplary leadership on or off the battlefield.

![acamp.gif](images/acamp.gif "acamp.gif")

![acampribbon.gif](images/acampribbon.gif "acampribbon.gif")

### Army NCO Professional Development Ribbon

This soldier has passed through a Squad Leader Training Program.

## Combat Performance

### Silver Star

This soldier has demonstrated perfect performance whilst engaging with
the enemy, that not only single-handedly secured victory for his team,
but demonstrated the core principles of being an effective soldier in
the 29th Infantry Division. This medal is only awarded when the
soldier's game-play was at a level of the highest caliber.

![Sstar.gif](images/Sstar.gif "Sstar.gif")

![Sstarribon.gif](images/Sstarribon.gif "Sstarribon.gif")

### Bronze Star

This soldier has demonstrated exemplary performance while engaging the
enemy in a realism scrimmage. While not single handedly securing
victory, his actions must have been of significance.

![bstar.gif](images/bstar.gif "bstar.gif")

![bstarribbon.gif](images/bstarribbon.gif "bstarribbon.gif")

### Army Commendation Medal

This soldier has maintained composure and made an effective contribution
towards his teams victory without necessarily engaging the enemy. This
award is for actions of significance not covered by a Bronze or Silver
Star.

![acom.gif](images/acom.gif "acom.gif")

![acomribbon.gif](images/acomribbon.gif "acomribbon.gif")

### Soldier's Medal

This soldier's extensive preparation during practice or drills prior to
a scrimmage or drill prevented casualties by providing vital
intelligence or training for his team.

![sm.gif](images/sm.gif "sm.gif")

![smribbon.gif](images/smribbon.gif "smribbon.gif")

### Purple Heart

This soldier has selflessly put him self in peril to successfully aid
his comrades and in doing so was wounded or killed

![ph.gif](images/ph.gif "ph.gif")

![phribbon.gif](images/phribbon.gif "phribbon.gif")

### Legion of Merit

Awarded for leading and winning an Official Scrimmage

![Lom.gif](images/Lom.gif "Lom.gif")

![Lomribbon.gif](images/Lomribbon.gif "Lomribbon.gif")

### European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal

Only awarded to the participants that win an attack round of an official
scrimmage.

![eamc.gif](images/eamc.gif "eamc.gif")

![eamcribbon.gif](images/eamcribbon.gif "eamcribbon.gif")

### Defence Meritorious Service Medal Medal

Only awarded to the participants that win a defence round of an official
scrimmage.

### World War II Victory Medal

Only awarded to the participants that win every round of a multi-round
official scrimmage. Awarding of this medal supersedes the awarding of
the African European Middle-Eastern Campaign Medal and the Defence
Meritorious Service Medal Ribbon.

## Non-Combat Performance

### Good Conduct Medal

In addition to performing his duties with a clean record of discipline
and exemplary attendance, this soldier's positive attitude and
involvement in 29th related activities, other than his drills or staff
commitments, has benefited the unit.

![gcon.gif](images/gcon.gif "gcon.gif")

![gconribbon.gif](images/gconribbon.gif "gconribbon.gif")

### Army Achievement Award

This soldier has consistently performed his duties in a staff position
to the highest calibre and demonstrated the best of non-combat 29th
values.

### Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal

This soldier has been a major contributor to a large, important and
successfully project in a staff office.

### Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal

In addition to diligence and success in staff duties, this soldier's
positive attitude and involvement in other 29th related activities has
benefited the unit.

### Combat Action Badge, 1st Award

Soldier has been credited with two recruits.

![Cab1st.gif](images/Cab1st.gif "Cab1st.gif")

### Combat Action Badge, 2nd Award

Soldier has been credited with five recruits.

![Cab2.gif](images/Cab2.gif "Cab2.gif")

### Combat Action Badge, 3rd Award

Soldier has been credited with ten recruits.

![Cab3.gif](images/Cab3.gif "Cab3.gif")

### Combat Action Badge, 4th Award

Soldier has been credited with twenty recruits.

![Cab4.gif](images/Cab4.gif "Cab4.gif")

### American Defence Service Medal

Soldier has graduated the 29th ID's Basic Training program.

![adef.gif](images/adef.gif "adef.gif")

![adefribbon.gif](images/adefribbon.gif "adefribbon.gif")

## Technical Ability

### Marksman Badge

Proven proficient use of the Rifle, Automatic Rifle, or Machine Gun -
Allows use of certain weapons.

### Sharpshooter Badge

Consistent skill demonstration with special weapon, or steady use and
success with the Rifle.

### Expert Badge

Exemplary skill demonstration with special weapon, or near perfect use
and success with the Rifle with ability to teach weapon tactics.

### Expert Infantry Badge

Awarded to men who prove themselves experts in all aspects of Infantry
and is required for soldiers to participate in an official deployment.

### Combat Infantry Badge, 1st Award

Awarded to a soldier after their 1st scrimmage with another realism
unit.

### Combat Infantry Badge, 2nd Award

Awarded to a soldier after their 3rd scrimmage with another realism
unit.

### Combat Infantry Badge, 3rd Award

Awarded to a soldier after their 5th scrimmage with another realism
unit.

## Identification Badges

### Recruiter Badge

This soldier has shown extreme dedication to recruitment.

![recruiter.png](images/recruiter.png "recruiter.png")

### Drill Sergeant Badge

Awarded to Drill Sergeants.

![di.png](images/di.png "di.png")

### Military Police Badge

Awarded to Military Police Officers.

![mp.png](images/mp.png "mp.png")

## Service Time Awards

### Army of Occupation Medal

This soldier has served six months of service in the 29th Infantry
Division.

![aocc.gif](images/aocc.gif "aocc.gif")

![aoccribbon.gif](images/aoccribbon.gif "aoccribbon.gif")

### World War I Victory Medal

This soldier has served two years of service in the 29th Infantry
Division.

## Meritorious Unit Commendations

### Meritorious Unit Citation

This unit's success has distinguished it from other units.

## Combat Unit Citations

### The Trenches Unit Participation

Participated in The Trenches Unit campaign.

### Battlegrounds Unit Participation

Participated in the Battlegrounds Unit campaign.

### Day of Defeat Unit Participation

Participated in the Day of Defeat Unit campaign.

### Darkest Hour Unit Participation

Participated in the Darkest Hour Unit campaign.

### Rising Storm Unit Participation

Participated in the Rising Storm Unit campaign.

### ArmA 3 Unit Participation

Participated in the ArmA 3 Unit campaign.

## See Also

[Medal Policy](http://forums.29th.org/discussion/9088/medal-policy) by
Lt Col. Wheatley 18-FEB-2016

