---
title: Coordinates
permalink: /Coordinates
layout: page
author: B.Browning
date: 2011-09-23T02:23:35Z
category: SOP
---
Coordinates are used to call out locations on the [Map
Overviews](Map_Overviews "wikilink") when the [Descriptive
Locations](Descriptive_Locations "wikilink") system is not adequate.
Although map coordinates are less prone to error than Descriptive
Locations, they are slower as they require everyone to open their maps.

When communicating locations on a map in-game, 29th members use the
Coordinate system with an added specifier called "keypad." The basic
Coordinate system refers to the grid on the map overview, where you can
look at the letters and numbers to determine your Coordinates. For
instance, in the following image, the player is at coordinates B-3.

![mapgrid.png](mapgrid.png "mapgrid.png")

![keypad.png](keypad.png "keypad.png")But because each 'square' on the
grid can consist of hundreds of square kilometres, 29th members narrow
Coordinates further by specifying the "keypad." If you look at your
computer's keyboard and find the keypad on the right-hand side of it
(note that most laptops do not have the keypad), you will see a 'square'
of numbers, first row 7-8-9, second row 4-5-6, etc. Now imagine this was
the B-3 'square' and determine which "key" the player is on. In the
image above, the player is at coordinates B-3 in keypad 1.

Thanks to Sergeant Olson's idea and the hard work of T/4 Hopkins in the
Engineer Corps, the 29th Servers now have an overlay on top of the map
overviews that not only specify the basic coordinate in each 'square'
but has a sample 'keypad' in the top-left of the map, as displayed in
the image above. Have another look and you'll see how easy it is to
determine your location using the Coordinate system.

## Communicating Coordinates

It is important to standardise how coordinates are communicated so there
is no confusion in the heat of battle.

### Written

When grid and keypad are known

  - B-3 kp 1

When only grid is known

  - B-3

When target is between two coordinates

  - B-2/B-3
  - B-2 kp 3/B-3

### Verbally

Note that the [Phonetic Alphabet](Phonetic_Alphabet "wikilink") is used
to ensure accuracy.

When grid and keypad are known

  - "BAKER THREE KEYPAD ONE"

When only grid is known

  - "BAKER THREE"

When target is between two coordinates

  - "BETWEEN BAKER TWO AND BAKER THREE"
  - "BETWEEN BAKER TWO KEYPAD THREE AND BAKER THREE"

