---
title: Enlistment Liaison Training
permalink: /Enlistment_Liaison_Training
layout: page
author: Tuomainen
date: 2015-03-11T07:13:45Z
category: 
---
# Introduction

Welcome to the Enlistment Liaison Training. You're reading this because
you have been accepted into Lighthouse Corps as an Enlistment Liaison.
Liaisons main duties includes:

  - Processing enlistments
  - Answering recruit’s questions (forums, Steam, email etc.)
  - Socializing with the recruits
  - Making sure BCT will go smooth (name and binds set before BCT etc.)
  - Making sure recruit knows where to be and when for BCT (recruit's
    schedule fits to ours)
  - This is a job which requires patience, customer service skills, and
    knowledge how the 29th and the game you represent works. Phrase *"I
    don't know"* does not belong to your vocabulary; if you don't know
    something, you'll look it up instead of saying "I don't know" to a
    recruit. We are the nice guys; we don't bully recruits, we help &
    support them. If a recruit is breaking weapon restrictions, remind
    them kindly via Steam chat and report that to Rule-Breaking Cadets
    thread - no need to make big deal out of it during the gameplay. BCT
    staff will take care of discipline. Remember that recruits are
    allowed to use rifleman class only at all times. Nobody will give
    them a permission to use other weapons.

Before we can get started, you need to have a signature, which will be
formatted automatically and used in enlistment replies and PMs. For now,
the only way to have a signature is to have one on the old forums. [You
need to go here](http://www.29th.org/personnel/sig/). The Senior
Enlistment Liaison will update the list of signatures, you will only
need to pick the right one from the list.

# Processing Enlistments

## Basic Rules

  - Anyone can process anyone's enlistment regardless of the timezone &
    game
  - Max amount of enlistment getting processed is 48 hours but it should
    be less than that
  - Always process the older enlistments first
  - If you are going to go on ELOA, you need to PM Senior Enlistment
    Liaison and Chief of Lighthouse
  - Any Lighthouse Announcement should be read carefully through and
    once read & understood,

answer to the announcement with understood within seven days since the
posting time

  - Failure to do so warrants a LH demerit and 3 LH demerits within 30
    day period warrants a

"discharge" from the office

  - For any questions/concerns/ideas/feedback, you should use chain of
    command of Lighthouse (not your squad assignment's COC):

*EL -\> SEL -\> Chief of LH -\> Bn HQ*

## Previewing enlistment

Before we can accept an enlistment, we need to review it. Here's an
example of an enlistment. After this part, you will be taught how the
enlistment processing and personnel system works.

![ExampleEnlistment.jpg](images/ExampleEnlistment.jpg "ExampleEnlistment.jpg")

You see all the information you need about the recruit. Here are the
steps to do when you check an enlistment:

  - **Last Name/First Name**: Make sure his/her name is capitalized. If
    it is not capitalized, you are to modify it manually.

<!-- end list -->

  - **Age**: Make sure his/her age is 15 years old or older. In this
    example, the recruit is 14 years old so this mean you can prepare
    for denying an enlistment.

<!-- end list -->

  - **Country/Preferred Time**: Make sure the Country and the Preferred
    Time fits together. In this example it would be correct because he
    is from the United Kingdom and selected the GMT timezone. If it is
    unclear, there will be instructions on how to deal with it later in
    this training.

<!-- end list -->

  - **Game**: Make sure that the enlistment contains either Arma
    3/Darkest Hour/Rising Storm where it says ‘Game’. If it’s blank, you
    can ask the following question:

`   What game are you applying for? Arma 3 or Darkest Hour or Red Orchestra/Rising Storm?`

  - **Steam ID**: Make sure the Steam ID is in the right format. It
    looks like this: 76561197970174462

Steam ID should only contain that kind of numbers and nothing else. If
the enlistment contains any other kind of information in ‘’Steam ID’’,
you should ask about it:

`   Could you provide a link to your Steam profile please? [Here’s how](http://www.29th.org/roid/).`

Steam ID (also ROID term used within DH) gives us a link to one's Steam
profile. And our Personnel Files works in a way when Steam ID is given,
it is automatically parsed into the link to one's Steam profile. So
Steam profile is attached to each recruit's and member's Personnel File.
Steam ID must contain only that number starting with 7656... otherwise
the profile isn't generated properly.

The below formats are wrong:

*This link contains custom URL. You can get the ROID out of this. [Use
this tool](http://steamidconverter.com/) and modify enlistment to
contain the proper format.*

*In this case you can simply modify the enlistment and remove the
<http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/>*

*This is Steam ID in different format. However, this can be converted
into ROID (=SteamID64). [Use this tool](http://steamidconverter.com/)
and modify enlistment to contain the proper format.*

*This is Steam friends name. We don't want that. We want the number
starting with 7656. If you can't find (or if you're not 100% sure) about
one's Steam profile and, you can ask about it (question format above.*

*If they don't provide what we want, you can always ask.*

  - **Realism Experience**: If a recruit lists any realism experience
    within our games (Arma 3/Arma 2/Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm/Red
    Orchestra/Darkest Hour/Day of Defeat/Day of Defeat:Source), these
    enlistments will be sent for Bn HQ to approve. From realism
    experience we need to know the following: Name(s) of the unit,
    name(s) and rank(s) used and reason(s) for leaving. Format for this
    will be shown later.

<!-- end list -->

  - **Recruiter**: If this field contains anything else than 29th
    members official name, you can leave recruiter box blank. In any
    scenario where the recruiter can't be listed with 100% confidence,
    it can be left blank. The recruit can claim the recruit afterwards
    which is then Recruitment Secretary's job to fix it. After
    enlistment liaison has processed enlistment, EL should not touch the
    recruiter box. Not even if your friend asks you to put his/her name
    in the box.

<!-- end list -->

  - **Other Comments**: You should also check what the recruit says in
    "Other Comments" for example if it's about the amount of the time
    he/she is able to dedicate. For example if the recruit says *"I can
    play only weekends"*, joining the 29th isn't an option for him since
    he can't complete BCT. From any enlistment you doubt that there
    might be some issues based on Other Comments, you can ask for
    clarification from the recruit (ask timezone question, ask realism
    experience question, etc...) or just send a PM to Senior Enlistment
    Liaison for asking further instructions.

## Modifying enlistment

For modifying enlistment, you will need to click on **Admin \> Modify
Enlistment** at the top right corner of enlistment file.

You might need to modify it for one or more of the following reasons:

  - A recruit fails to capitalize own name
  - A recruit has missing information
  - The Steam ID is incorrect/missing

After the edits, you can move on to Process Enlistment, which can be
found under Admin at the top right corner of the enlistment.

![ProcessEnlistment.jpg](images/ProcessEnlistment.jpg "ProcessEnlistment.jpg")

From Process Enlistment, you can:

  - Assign a training platoon
  - Change enlistment status
  - Select Recruiter
  - Assign a liaison (this is feature only for SEL)

*Note: Every enlistment should be assigned to a TP, regardless of the
status of enlistment. Only case when a TP isn't assigned is the case
with honorably discharged members re-enlisting.*

## Denying enlistment

*The FIRST* thing you should look at is an enlistees *AGE*.

![DenyingAge.png](images/DenyingAge.png "DenyingAge.png")

Age, as highlighted above, **should say 15 or above**. If it is below
15, go to **Admin \> Process Enlistment \> Select TP (the one it would
be correctly) \> Set Status: Denied \> Click Submit**.

After that, comment with the following:

`   Sorry, but you fail to meet our age requirements. We're quite strict with them, and you're more than welcome to come back and enlist when you're 15.  Please do not try to enlist under a different name because we have your IP logged and you'll only be banned if you try to fool us. Thank you.`

Note: This is the only case you have the authority to deny a recruit;
everything else goes up to the Lighthouse or Battalion HQ's approval.
However, you can report any rule-breaking/non-29th material recruits in
[Central Thread for Rule-Breaking
Cadets](http://forums.29th.org/discussion/105/central-thread-for-rule-breaking-cadets).

## Pending enlistments

### Failure To Provide All Necessary Information/Prior Realism Experience

This is when someone puts **"Yes"** or lacks **ALL the details** we ask
(as shown below) next to realism experience and **FAILS** to put further
description as to what their realism experience is.

INSERTIMAGEHERE

We need to know the following:

  - Name(s) of the unit(s)
  - Game(s) the unit(s) played (we only care about Arma 3/Arma 2/Red
    Orchestra 2/Rising Storm/Red Orchestra/Darkest Hour/Day of
    Defeat/Day of Defeat:Source)
  - Name(s) used
  - Rank(s) held
  - Reason(s) for leaving

Anyone who doesn't answer fully to that question (which is mentioned in
enlistment page), is to be set pending by the following method:

Process Enlistment -\> Assign a TP -\> Set enlistment: Pending -\> Click
"Submit". After that, reply to the enlistment with the following (or
with modified version if a recruit has provided partial information):

`   Please tell us which unit(s) you were in within Arma 3/Arma 2/Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm/Red Orchestra/Darkest Hour/Day of Defeat/Day of Defeat:Source, under what name(s) you played, what rank(s) you held, and why you left those units.`

If and once a recruit has given full answer or after giving the full
answer to realism experience question, reply with:

`   Pending Headquarters Approval.`

Then, send a PM to **Cpt. Walker** (Chief of LH & SEL included) with a
following format. Replace CAPS LOCK with information provided to you. By
this we'll keep things simple and organized for Bn HQ to read our PMs,
instead of dozen different styles of writing a PM.

    #Pending Enlistment - Rec. LASTNAME
    
    Hello Captain,    
    
    I have an enlistment with a **prior realism experience**  awaiting for your review, sir. Below are the details:    
    
    Unit name(s): UNITNAME (GAME)
    Name(s) used: NAME
    Rank(s) held: RANK
    Reason for leaving: REASON
     
    [Enlistment Thread](ENLISTMENTLINKHERE)
    
    
    Regards,
    
    YOUR SIGNATURE HERE
    RANK LASTNAME
    Enlistment Liaison

Captain will then review it and give a verdict in the thread. If
accepted, process accordingly. If denied, make sure enlistment is set to
denied. If Captain does not reply to your enlistment within seven days
of period, you can remind him kindly.

Note: Any and all A3/A2+RO2/RS+RO/DH+DOD/DOD:S experience warrants
approval from Bn HQ. Please ignore other games or real life military
experience as long as there is no possible schedule conflict.

### Fake/Offending lastnames

If you see inappropriate name as a lastname, process it normally and
make sure you modify the lastname in the enlistment subject to "Doe" or
something similar. Then send the PM to Chief of Lighthouse and SEL
explaining the situation with your own words, linking the enlistment.

If you can't tell if some name is realistic or real even, try google it.

Note: Obviously we don't want Adolf Hitler to join the unit... still,
remember that we do not require recruits to provide us their real names
- as long as their name is realistic. So no Mr. Spongebobs either.

### Old Members Re-Enlistments

First, if you see Rec., Pvt., PFC, Cpl., etc you are to verify their
service record. This way, you will be able to see if they are wash-out
recruits, honorably discharged members or generally discharged members.

#### Washout recruits

![Washoutrecruit.jpg](images/Washoutrecruit.jpg "Washoutrecruit.jpg")

The Rec. rank means that this member is a washout recruit. Set
enlistment pending for the next available Training Platoon \> Reply with
below:

`   Pending Chief of Lighthouse Approval.`

Look up the personnel file, gather all the information you can get and
send a PM to Chief of Lighthouse and SEL:

``` 
#Pending Enlistment - Rec. LASTNAME

Hello Chief,    

I have an enlistment from a **washout recruit**. Below are his details:    

[Enlistment Thread](ENLISTMENTLINKHERE)    
[Personnel File](PERSONNELFILELINKHERE)    
[AAR Day 5 of XXXth TP](AARDAY5LINK)    


Regards,   

YOUR SIGNATURE HERE     
RANK LASTNAME    
Enlistment Liaison  
```

Chief will reply in a thread (approved for BCT/denied), after that
process enlistment accordingly. If the Chief does not get back to you
within seven days, you can kindly remind him.

#### Honorably Discharged members

![HDexample.jpg](images/HDexample.jpg "HDexample.jpg")

In case of honorably discharged members, do not assign re-enlistment
into a Training Platoon. Just reply with:

`   Pending Headquarters Approval.`

Then you need to send the PM. There are two levels of HD'd members.
These two levels will define who you are to send out the PM regarding
this re-enlistment from Honorably Discharged member.

  - **Soldier discharged at Squad level or below:** Send a PM to Company
    HQ (all members of Co HQ) the soldier is applying

(i.e. A soldier was squad leader of CP3S1 when discharged but is now
applying for DH - Baker Company \> Send a PM to all members of Baker HQ)

  - **Soldier discharged at Platoon level or higher:** Send a PM to Cpt.
    Walker

In both cases, remember to add Chief and SEL to the recipients.

In a PM to the HQ, you need to provide the following information: Link
to enlistment thread, link to personnel file, link(s) to (all) discharge
paper(s). Use the format below.

    Hello Able/Baker/Charlie Company HQ, RANK(S) IN ORDER HERE,  
    
    I have a re-enlistment from *honorably discharged* member, RANK LASTNAME. He's requesting to join XX Company. Below are his details.  
     
    [Enlistment Thread](ENLISTMENTLINKHERE)    
    [Personnel File](PERSONNELFILELINKHERE)    
    [Honorable Discharge](HONORABLEDISCHARGELINKHERE) DD-MMM-YYYY    
    
    Regards,  
    
    <br>  
    
    YOUR SIGNATURE HERE    
    RANK NAME    
    Enlistment Liaison

If there are instructions from Battalion HQ to contact Company HQ
regarding soldier's enlistment, you are to contact Company HQ in
question and explain the situation.

Note: To find out which level soldier has been when discharged, you need
to look at the soldier's Personnel File.

#### Generally/Dishonorably Discharged Members

![GDexample.jpg](images/GDexample.jpg "GDexample.jpg")

In case of GD or DD re-enlistments, regardless of the rank, all these
enlistments goes for **Cpt. Walker** to approve (remember to include
Chief and SEL to the recipients). Assign proper training platoon, set
enlistment pending and reply with:

`   Pending Headquarters Approval.`

And send the following PM:

    Hello Captain,  
    
    I have a re-enlistment from *generally discharged* member, RANK LASTNAME. Below are his details.  
    
    [Enlistment Thread](ENLISTMENTLINKHERE)    
    [Personnel File](PERSONNELFILELINKHERE)    
    [General Discharge](GDLINKHERE) DD-MMM-YYYY    
    
    
    Regards,  
    
    YOUR SIGNATURE HERE    
    RANK NAME    
    Enlistment Liaison

#### Re-enlistments for Reserve Platoon

Get familiar with [Reserve Platoon](Reserve_Platoon "wikilink") system.
For reservist applications (they will likely list it in "Other
comments").

Do not touch the process button for that kind of enlistment. Reply to
the enlistment with:

`   Pending Headquarters Approval. `

Then send a PM to 2Lt. Campbell (currently taking care of the Reserve
Platoon) (remember to include Chief and SEL to the recipients). Use the
following format:

    Hello 2Lt. Campbell,  
    
    I have a re-enlistment from **honorably discharged** member, RANK LASTNAME. He's requesting to join the reserves. Below are his details.  
     
    [Enlistment Thread](ENLISTMENTLINKHERE)    
    [Personnel File](PERSONNELFILELINKHERE)    
    [Honorable Discharge](HONORABLEDISCHARGELINKHERE) DD-MMM-YYYY    
    
    LIST HERE ANY JOB REQUESTS (if none, then state "Soldier had no specific job requests"). 
    
    
    Regards,  
    
    YOUR SIGNATURE HERE    
    RANK LASTNAME    
    Enlistment Liaison

### Duplicate Lastnames

You are to make sure that the lastname of the recruit does not enter in
conflict with anyone's lastname (current members and honorably
discharged members). Before clicking on the Process button, check the
roster to see if there is another member with this lastname. Also, check
the list of honorably discharged members below. Use Search function to
speed up your process (Ctrl+F). We reserve a lastname only for Honorably
Discharged members. Lastname becomes available after a soldier hasn't
been active at the forums for four (4) years.

If a recruit complains about the situation and the last name, you can
politely explain that this is the situation and we allow only family
members to keep their lastnames with the first letter seperating. If
complaining continues, send a PM to Chief and SEL and wait for their
instructions before proceeding in the process.

After new, realistic lastname has been given to you, then manually
modify the enlistment and replace recruit's old lastname with the new
lastname.

Make sure you reply with this answer in case of duplicate lastname:

`   Could you please pick a different last name to go by in our unit? We currently have someone in the unit with your lastname, and this will avoid confusion. Please reply to this thread with your desired new last name, and your application will be processed.`

### 'Wrong' preferred time/Neither

If someone lists **'Neither**' or **a timezone outside their region**
for their Preferred Time: Assign to a training platoon based on their
region, set enlistment pending and reply with the following:

    Before your application can be processed you'll need to clarify a timezone.  
    
    We have two options for incoming members:<br>  
    (A) Attend 1 week of Basic Training at 7pm EST/Midnight GMT *(XX your time)*  
    (B) Attend 1 week of Basic Training at 2pm EST/7pm GMT *(XX your time)*
    
    *Next Basic Training for Option A is scheduled for MONTH DD - DD.  
    Next Basic Training for Option B is scheduled for MONTH DD - DD.*
    
    After you graduate Basic Training, you will then be assigned to a squad. There are similar options with that:  
    (A) A squad which drills at around 8pm EST/1am GMT *(XX your time)* 
    (B) A squad which drills at around 3pm EST/8pm GMT *(XX your time)*

Note: Remember to fill in the BCT schedule and the local time.

Use 12 or 24 hour clock, depending on the country the recruit is from.
To convert the time, use the following tools for example:
<http://www.worldtimebuddy.com/>
<http://www.timezoneconverter.com/cgi-bin/tzc.tzc>

To check when next available BCT's for each game and each timezone are
scheduled, see the [Personnel
Roster](http://personnel.29th.org/#units/TPs).

This is to be done in the following situations:

  - Anyone who lists 'Neither'
  - North American player lists 7pm GMT (2pm EST) as their preferred
    time
  - European player lists 7pm EST (Midnight GMT) as their preferred time
  - Asian/Australian player lists anything (for example a player from
    Sydney would have to do BCT either at 6am or 11am the following
    morning of BCT)

Note: Remember that we're here to help the recruits. We want to make
life easier for them and believe it or not, some people does not what
timezone they live in or what is EST and GMT.

### Ban record

#### In case of Prior Ban Dispute (lifted)

First, get all the information needed regarding the enlistment
(timezone, realism experience, name etc.) and after that, assign a TP,
set it to PENDING, reply with:

    Pending Headquarters Approval

And PM Cpt. Walker (send a copy of the PM to Chief of Lighthouse and
Senior Enlistment Liaison).

    Hello Captain,  
    
    I have an enlistment from a recruit who has a prior (lifted) ban from our servers. Below are the details:   
    
    [Enlistment Thread](ENLISTMENTLINKHERE) 
    [Ban Dispute](BANDISPUTELINKHERE) 
    
    
    Regards,  
    
    YOUR SIGNATURE HERE    
    RANK NAME    
    Enlistment Liaison

#### In case of Active Ban Dispute

If someone enlists while they have active ban dispute posted at the
forums, repeat the steps mentioned above to the point where you are
making a post. Reply with:

    We'll have to await the outcome of your ban appeal first.

If the ban is then lifted, do what was told above. If the ban is
permanent or lasts over two weeks, you can ask the recruit to re-enlist
once he has been unbanned.

## Accepting enlistment

When someone meets the MINIMUM Requirements, or has an APPROVED stamp in
their enlistment, this is the only time you will accept them into a
Training Platoon.

Note: If someone says in "Other comments" that he/she can play only
weekends or at odd times which doesn't suit our schedule, you should
clarify the time requirements with the recruit first.

### Acceptance details

Begin by: Admin \> Process Enlistment \> Select TP \> Set Status:
Accepted \> Select recruiter (if any) \> Submit. Then reply with the
following:

    <hr>    
    <center> ![header](http://29th.org/images/116thicon.gif)</center>  
    
    ####29TH INFANTRY DIVISION  
    ####116TH REGIMENT, 1ST BN  
    ####LIGHTHOUSE OFFICE  
    <br>
    
    Thank you for enlisting with the 29th Infantry Division. Your application has been accepted and the next step in becoming a member is to complete *Basic Combat Training*.    
    
    
    <h3>Your Basic Combat Training (BCT) Schedule:</h3>  
    <h5> <strong><span style='color:black;'>When:</span></strong> </h5>
    Sunday 00 Xxx 2015 through Thursday 00 Xxx 2015, each night at 7pm GMT/EST
    <h5> <strong><span style='color:black;'>Server:</span></strong> </h5>
    29th ID A3 Platoon Server (192.223.31.16:2302) (A3)
    29th Infantry Division [BCT Server] (63.251.20.45:7757) (DH)
    29th Infantry Division [Squad Server] (74.91.116.91:7777) (RS)
    <h5> <strong><span style='color:black;'>Password:</span></strong> </h5>
    29th/29tha3
    
    <br>*While we understand if you have to miss a training session, your attendance is a significant factor in graduating BCT.*  
    
    Join the [<span style='color:blue;'>Steam Friends Group</span>](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thXXX) to receive reminders before your training starts  
    
    <br>
    <h5> <strong><span style='color:black;'>Important:</span></strong> </h5> Before you do *anything*, read the [<span style='color:blue;'>Recruit Handbook</span>](http://29th.org/handbook) to learn what you will need to know to pass BCT. It also contains the basic 29th rules, Frequently Asked Questions and a guide on how to set your in-game name properly.  
    
    You may change your in-game name to: **Pvt. RECRUITNAME [29th ###]**  
    
    <br>
    <h5> <strong><span style='color:black;'>Please note the following rules:</span></strong> </h5>  
    
    
    1. As a recruit you will train with the Rifleman Class only.  
    _You are to use the Rifleman Class only on our servers, at all time.    
    After you pass BCT you will have the opportunity to train with other weapons_.    
    
    
    2. Salute officers (and only officers) when they enter/leave our server.   
    _\*Salute* ranks 2Lt, 1Lt, Cpt, Maj, Lt. Col. - See the [<span style='color:blue;'>Recruit Handbook</span>](http://29th.org/handbook) for info on how to bind a key to salute._  
    3. Reply to this enlistment thread stating simply 'Checking In'.   
    _This will let us know you are aware of your schedule so that we can put you on the training roster._ <br><br>
    
    If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the following members, as they are here for you:    
    
    CONTACTINFO  
    
     
    Please keep active on our server and forums, and good luck in basic.  
     
    
    YOUR SIGNATURE HERE  
    *29th Infantry Division    
    Lighthouse Corps    
    Enlistment Liaison*  
    <hr>

You need to make the following edits in this format in this order:

  - Change the correct date (look for
    [Calendar](http://personnel.29th.org/#calendar))

Example: Sunday 01 Mar 2015 through Thursday 05 Mar 2015, each night at
7pm EST

  - Select the right server details. Erase two others and remove the
    game at the end of the address - those there only to help you in the
    editing process
      - 29th ID A3 Platoon Server (192.223.31.16:2302) (A3)
      - 29th Infantry Division \[BCT Server\] (63.251.20.45:7757) (DH)
      - 29th Infantry Division \[Squad Server\] (74.91.116.91:7777) (RS)

<!-- end list -->

  - Password: **29th** for DH and RS, **29tha3** for A3

<!-- end list -->

  - Steam Group link; add the TP number to replace the XXX

<http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thXXX> Example:
<http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29th606> DO NOT ADD THE "TH" in the
end of the number

  - Recruit's name: Fill out lastname and proper tag, **\[29th XXX\]**
    for A3 and DH, **\[XXXTP\]** for RS

Replace the XXX with the TP number Example: Pvt. Doe \[29th 600\] or
Pvt. Doe \[601TP\]

  - Add contact info by replacing CONTACTINFO with correct details:

**ARMA 3**

``` 
**Pvt. Filkins**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127298969/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/Pvt.%20Filkins)  
```

**DARKEST HOUR**

``` 
**PFC Gillespie**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059547897/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/Pvt.%20Gillespie)  
**PFC Sánta**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006800696/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/PFC%20Sánta)  
```

**RISING STORM**

    **PFC Asboe**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092789100/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/PFC%20Asboe)    
    **PFC Freese**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011282575/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/PFC%20Freese)      
    **PFC Johnsen**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992628186/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/PFC%20Johnsen)   
    **PFC Marquez**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/7656119811641876876561198116418768/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/PFC%20Marquez)        
    **PFC Robles**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109051248/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/PFC%20Robles)  
    **PFC Yukki**: [Steam Profile](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038033055/) | [Send a Private Message](http://forums.29th.org/messages/add/PFC%20Yukki)

  - Add your signature by replacing YOUR SIGNATURE HERE:

**Asboe**:

    ![sig](http://www.29th.org/sigs/76561198092789100.png)

**Freese**:

    ![sig](http://www.29th.org/sigs/76561198011282575.png)

**Gillespie**:

    ![sig](http://29th.org/sigs/76561198059547897.png)

**Johnsen**:

    ![sig](http://29th.org/sigs/76561197992628186.png)

**Marquez**:

    ![sig](http://www.29th.org/sigs/76561198116418768.png)

**Robles**:

    ![sig](http://www.29th.org/sigs/76561198109051248.png)

**Sánta**:

    ![sig](http://29th.org/sigs/76561198006800696.png)

**Tuomainen**:

    ![sig](http://29th.org/sigs/76561197970174462.png)

**Yukki**:

    ![sig](http://www.29th.org/sigs/76561198038033055.png)

### Acepptance Letter

When a recruit gets assigned to you, you are to send him the following
(game-specific) letter. Replace the following details:

  - Recruit's name
  - Replace "ENLISTMENT THREAD LINK" with the actual link
  - Replace "YOURSIGNATURE" and "YOUR RANK AND NAME" with your
    signature, rank and name

#### ARMA 3

    <center> ![header](http://29th.org/images/116thicon.gif)</center>  
    
    29TH INFANTRY DIVISION  
    116TH REGIMENT, 1ST BN  
    LIGHTHOUSE CORPS  
    Acceptance Letter  
    Arma 3         
    
    
    <br>Hello Pvt. LASTNAME,  
    
    I am your Enlistment Liaison. As you can see, you have been accepted into the 29th's Basic Combat Training (BCT). This may be confusing for some people that have never gone through BCT or have never been in a realism unit. I'm sending you this just to let you know that if you ever have any questions from now and until you graduate your BCT, I am here to answer them. Don't hesitate to message me back.  
    
    Also be sure to join your BCT Steam Group, the link to the Steam Group can be found in your enlistment thread.  
    
    Here is a link to your enlistment thread:  
    
    [Enlistment thread](ENLISTMENT THREAD LINK)  
    
    Make sure you have replied "Checking In" to your enlistment, so we can put you on the recruit roster. An email will be sent to you before the start of your training with info as well, including server info.  
    
    Also, it is very important to read through the Recruit Handbook prior to starting BCT, it contains important information that will help you successfully get through BCT.  
    
    To access the Recruit Handbook [Click Here](http://29th.org/handbook)  
    
    A reminder; as a Recruit you may only use the **Rifleman** class, which allows you to use MX Rifle with RCO. You may not use any other weapons.  
    
    Good luck!  
    
    YOURSIGNATURE
    
    RANK AND NAME
    Enlistment Liaison   
    Lighthouse Office  
    29th Infantry Division

#### DARKEST HOUR

    <center> ![header](http://29th.org/images/116thicon.gif)</center>  
    
    29TH INFANTRY DIVISION  
    116TH REGIMENT, 1ST BN  
    LIGHTHOUSE CORPS  
    Acceptance Letter  
    Darkest Hour           
    
    
    <br>Hello Pvt. LASTNAME,  
    
    I am your Enlistment Liaison. As you can see, you have been accepted into the 29th's Basic Combat Training (BCT). This may be confusing for some people that have never gone through BCT or have never been in a realism unit. I'm sending you this just to let you know that if you ever have any questions from now and until you graduate your BCT, I am here to answer them. Don't hesitate to message me back.  
    
    Also be sure to join your BCT Steam Group, the link to the Steam Group can be found in your enlistment thread.  
    
    Here is a link to your enlistment thread:  
    
    [Enlistment thread](ENLISTMENT THREAD LINK)  
    
    Make sure you have replied "Checking In" to your enlistment, so we can put you on the recruit roster. An email will be sent to you before the start of your training with info as well, including server info.  
    
    Also, it is very important to read through the recruit handbook prior to starting BCT, it contains important information that will help you successfully get through BCT.  
    
    To access the recruit handbook [Click Here](http://29th.org/handbook).  
    
    A reminder; as a Recruit you may only use the **Rifleman** class, which allows these four rifles: the M1 Garand, Lee Enfield, K98, G43/41. You may also pick up a pistol. You may not use any other weapons.  
    
    On a tank-map (any map where **unlimited** Tank Crewman classes are offered), you are allowed to take the Tank Crewman class.  
    
    Good luck!  
    
    YOURSIGNATURE
    
    RANK AND NAME   
    Enlistment Liaison    
    Lighthouse Office    
    29th Infantry Division

#### RISING STORM

``` 
<center> ![header](http://29th.org/images/116thicon.gif)</center>  

29TH INFANTRY DIVISION  
116TH REGIMENT, 1ST BN  
LIGHTHOUSE CORPS  
Acceptance Letter  
Rising Storm           


<br>Hello Pvt. LASTNAME,  

I am your Enlistment Liaison. As you can see, you have been accepted into the 29th's Basic Combat Training (BCT). This may be confusing for some people that have never gone through BCT or have never been in a realism unit. I'm sending you this just to let you know that if you ever have any questions from now and until you graduate your BCT, I am here to answer them. Don't hesitate to message me back.  

Also be sure to join your BCT Steam Group, the link to the Steam Group can be found in your enlistment thread.  

Here is a link to your enlistment thread:  

[Enlistment thread](ENLISTMENT THREAD LINK)  

Make sure you have replied "Checking In" to your enlistment, so we can put you on the recruit roster. An email will be sent to you before the start of your training with info as well, including server info.  

Also, it is very important to read through the Recruit Handbook prior to starting BCT, it contains important information that will help you successfully get through BCT.  

To access the Recruit Handbook [Click Here](http://29th.org/handbook).  

A reminder; as a Recruit you may only use the Rifleman class, which allows these rifles in both RO2 & RS: the Garand, Springfield, Type 38, Type 99 Rifle, Mosin Nagant, SVT-40, K98, G41. You may also pick up a pistol. You may not use any other weapons.  

Good luck!  

YOURSIGNATURE

RANK AND NAME  
Enlistment Liaison    
Lighthouse Office    
29th Infantry Division  
```

### After acceptance

## Withdrawing and Transferring Recruits

