---
title: How to Train With a Weapon
permalink: /How_to_Train_With_a_Weapon
layout: page
author: Tuomainen
date: 2015-01-13T01:13:22Z
category: FM 21-100
---
Completing your training with a weapon is both a goal and a learning
process in the 29th Infantry Division. This section will explain the
training process, why it is important, and how to start.

## The Goal

For many years, the overall goal in the 29th Infantry Division, toward
which every function of it pushes, is to win in official scrimmages
(against other units). Meeting such a goal clearly requires certain
standards that scrimmage participants must meet before-hand. These
standards are contained in two badges - the EIB and the AQB - which it
will be your goal to work towards.

The Expert Infantry Badge (EIB) deals with overall infantry combat
ability, such as your ability to work with your squad effectively in a
scrimmage. As such, the EIB applies to all weapons trained with. All
enlisted infantry personnel must have the EIB to participate in a
scrimmage.

The Arms Qualification Badge (AQB) shows your proficiency with a
specific weapon. It is awarded in 3 levels: Marksman, Sharpshooter and
Expert. All enlisted personnel must have an AQB (at least Marksman) with
the weapon you will be using in the scrimmage in order to participate.

## The Process

We do not stick a weapon in your hands and tell you to earn the EIB and
AQB on your own; on the contrary, we work with you to help you reach
these goals through a process called Advanced Infantry Training (AIT).
This is normally conducted by your Squad Leader or Platoon Sergeant, and
consists of tips, practice, scenario exercises and numerous other
activities which vary from trainer to trainer.

AIT is normally conducted at drills - namely smaller ones such as
Platoon or Squad drills. In addition, your Platoon or Company may hold
classes from time to time, where, for example, an 'Expert' badge
recipient with the rifle will hold classes to help you get better with
your rifle skills.

## Qualification

With AIT under way, your goal of qualifying for your EIB and AQB will be
in mind. 'Qualifying' is determined by you meeting a series of
qualification criteria for each badge. This criteria can be found in
your Personnel File.

<http://i.imgur.com/S0oViOV.jpg>

By clicking 'Qualifications' tab Personnel File, you will see a row of
the EIB and weapons. Your Squad Leader or Platoon Sergeant has the
ability to update this 'checklist' when you meet a certain criterion.
When all criteria for a specific badge are met, you will be awarded the
badge in drills and it will be posted on the forums.

## How to Start

Your Squad Leader will likely contact you about starting AIT soon, and
tell you which weapons are available for training.

While the Submachine Gun is normally reserved for Squad Leaders and
above, if you [donate](Donate "wikilink") $20 or more to our servers,
you will be permitted to train with it at any rank.

