---
title: Officer Candidate School
permalink: /Officer_Candidate_School
layout: page
author: Wilson
date: 2011-09-23T19:44:23Z
category: 
---
The Officer Candidate School (OCS) has been a mysterious programme for
many years in the 29th. Most people know that soldiers are 'in it'
before they become Commissioned Officers, but few people know what it's
about, and what it takes to get 'in it.'

We have seen many Senior NCOs lead platoons by themselves with great
stride. In fact, nearly all of our current Platoon Sergeants were on
their own in Platoon HQ at one point, or still are. But the match that
is made between an Officer and NCO in a Platoon Leader / Platoon
Sergeant pair is unbeatable. Both roles are equally important and have
always been our goal for every platoon.

A Platoon Sergeant is there to keep things in order in the platoon, and
keep things moving. He ensures the Squad Leaders are getting their jobs
done and the soldiers are following their orders, and he can handle the
day-to-day problems and resolutions of his men. If the Platoon were a
boat, the Platoon Sergeant would be its motor, while the Platoon Leader
would be its steering wheel.

The Platoon Leader decides where the platoon is headed and how to get it
there. He is ultimately responsible for whether the platoon succeeds or
fails, just as a business owner is ultimately responsible for his
business' success or failure. The PL must make strategic decisions not
only in battle but in the administration of his platoon. He is
ultimately responsible for upkeeping morale and keeping his men
motivated and active. He can decide on size, structure and composition
of his platoon.

With an understanding of the differences between the Platoon Sergeant
and Platoon Leader positions, it is easier to understand what
Headquarters looks for in new Officers. The fact that the Officer is
responsible for upkeeping morale and keeping his men motivated requires
a 'self-starting initiative' quality in candidates - the ability to keep
coming up with new ideas and keep things moving on their own, without
being guided or pushed by their superiors. The high-rank of the position
requires professionalism and demonstrated leadership capacity (do people
'look up to' the candidate?). And most importantly, stability - there is
nothing worse than spending months in OCS training a candidate to become
an Officer, commissioning him only to find that he needs to retire
because he's busy...Furthermore, the men of the platoon need a stable
and consistent leader who knows where he is and knows he's in it for the
long-haul, just like the 29th itself.

Lastly, Headquarters has always liked to identify these qualities in
candidates 'naturally', that is, without revealing what is being looked
for. Telling someone to take initiative defeats the purpose of
initiative.

Remember that the role of the Platoon Sergeant/NCO is just as important
as that of the Platoon Leader/Officer, but the former was a bit more
clearly explained than the latter. Think you have what it takes to be an
officer? Use your brain to figure out how to demonstrate it\! We're
always watching ;)

