---
title: Platoon Clerk Guide
permalink: /Platoon_Clerk_Guide
layout: page
author: B.Browning
date: 2014-03-01T06:07:10Z
category: 
---
## Introduction

If you are reading this, you are either in a platoon clerk position, or
in an HQ position. While this guide is mainly intended for platoon
clerks, I will note stuff of important for HQ. As a platoon clerk, you
are in charge of the paperwork of your platoon. When any soldier
receives a medal or an AOCC, it’s up to you to post it. You also have to
do AAR's - After Action Reports. I will explain these more later. This
job requires you to be active in game, as well on the forums. And as a
last note, this guide is written with experience from BP2. That means
other platoons or companies might handle stuff differently. So if you
are not a member of Baker Company, please consult your HQ on what your
tasks are. For example, I handle everything except transfers. 2Lt.
Davison does those. In another platoon, the clerk might do that while an
HQ member does promotions. With this out of this way, I will be covering
the Personnel File next.

## Personnel File

This is what you are going to look at in the future.

<http://i.imgur.com/hGHw2.png>

As you might have read from the TOC, some of the items from it match the
items on the left side. Qualification, Demerits, Attendance, Leave,
Recruitment, Pass, Donations, Enlistments, Job History and Notes are
useless for clerks. Ignore them. You only need to work about the main
profile screen, Tour of Duty and Scripts. Let’s talk about profile,
shall we?

## Profile

(For the sake of this working, I will be using someone's else profile)

This is the part I will be talking about it, this info right here.

<http://i.imgur.com/l5JiJ.png>

This is what happens when you press the magical 'Edit Profile' button.
(Note: Sometimes when you press it, the page doesn't update. Just
refresh the page and it should show.)

<http://i.imgur.com/uC8YY.png>

You actually do very little on this page, only doing 1 or 2 things. The
main being changing their enlistment date. Currently, the 29th does not
have a separate list for Enlistment Date and Time in Service. So If a
person is in the 29th for 3 years, but leaves for 1 full year, even
though he only has officially 3 years of service, his profile will still
show 4 years of service. The reason you need to change this is because
the AOCC system will detect "Oh hey, he has been in for another 6
months, give him an AOCC", even though he was gone for a year. So to fix
this, what you need to do is find the date they left. Say May 13th,
2011. Then you need to find the date they were accepted into the unit.
So let’s say February 11th, 2012. You will need to figure the
months/days between that time. Well lucky for you, there's wolfram
alpha. Simply type in; days between May 13th 2011 and February 11th,
2012" and what do you know, there's 274 days in between those dates.
Then you find their current enlistment date, and on the same website say
"\#\#\# days after \[insert enlistment date here\]" and it will tell you
the date. You then take that date and update their enlistment date, make
sure to follow the correct format. That is pretty much the majority of
your work in the Profile section.

## Tour of Duty

<http://i.imgur.com/dgwkM.png>

The Tour of Duty is where you post most awards from. As you can see,
there are 3 new options you should have. 'Create Entry', 'Update Coat'
and Modify/delete. Create Entry is where you choose the awards he was
given, fill out the relevant info and Submit and your post will be
created. I will talk more about that here in a bit. Update coat is just
as it sounds, after someone is given an award and you post it, return to
their profile and hit it the button so that their uniform reflects their
recent award. Modify/Delete is something personally I have never used,
but it would be used if you accidentally put the wrong award or the
wrong person.

With the last two out of the way, this is what create entry looks like -

<http://i.imgur.com/Avy21.png> <http://i.imgur.com/rumya.png>

As you can see, you have lots of options. Before I go into the different
types of awards and how to post them, I will talk about 'Text of Post'.
I highly recommend that you (clerk or HQ) add something in there
personally, rather than "Pvt. Farokhmanesh has been in the unit for 6
months, therefore he is being award his first AOCC." That's just boring.
Add in your own opinion, like 'He's a great shot, excellent attendance"
etc. I personally get little quotes from SLs/ASLs. These are just 2-4
sentences saying good things about the person receiving the award. Easy
to make, and if the person getting an award is a new Pvt, he might think
that his squad leadership cares or is paying attention to his efforts.

## Awards

This is where all of your awards will come from.

<http://i.imgur.com/ur6ND.png>

The red stuff on the right are old DOD AQB's, so just ignore them. (If
you want to know the full name of something, just hover over it.) The
'awards' category might seem broad, but it really is not. Items that
qualify are; any 'battle' medals (Bronze, Silver, Purple Heart, Soldiers
Medal, Silver Star, Legion of Merit and others.) Find what medal that
person was awarded, click the box, then hit submit. Make sure to add in
text to the post, whether it be from you or a quote from an SL. Your
post will be created and will be titled Award(s) (Name Go. Here). Leave
the title the same. Make sure to head back to their profile and hit
update coat. That's it for any awards given out.

`:sm-small:  :pheart-small:  :bstar-small:  :sstar-small:`

## Promotions

You post promotions from the same screen. There is a promotion box that
has a drop-down menu with every rank. You find the rank the person was
promoted to, select it, add in any award(s) that person got with his
promotion then post and update coat. Make sure to do text of post and
all of that stuff. Your created post will be titled Promotion (Name
Here). Another type of promotion is a Commission, and that his from an
NCO rank to Officer Rank, but that is handled by battalion.

## AOCC's - Army of Occupation Medals

AOCC's are the medal you receive for every 6 months of service. Every
two years, you receive the rainbow badge, the World War 1 Victory Medal.
You can easily view who needs an AOCC awarded by going to your platoons
alert page
(http://29th.org/personnel/stats/?company=Baker;platoon=2;squad=;\#alerts).
This is the main item I get quotes from leadership for, due to the fact
these are milestones. When you post these on the forums, the topic title
will be Award (Name Here) this one you need to change. They are
receiving their first AOCC, change it to 'Six Months of Service (Name
Here), then further on. One Year of Service. One Year and Six Months of
Service.

  -   
    aocc: :ww1v:

## Badges

Badges are a quite common award in the 29th, but are rarely posted as
'Badge'; items that qualify as badges are; Any AQB's, EIB, Combat Action
Badge, Recruiters Badge, Drill Instructor Badge, and Military Police
badge. These are posted from the same menu as other awards. When posted,
it will say Award (Name Here), change it to Badge (Name Here). Then head
back and hit update coat and you are done.

`:marksman-smg:  :sharps-small:  :expert-bazooka:  :mpbadge-small:  :recruiter-small:  :drillsergeant-small:  :eib:`

## Good Conduct Medals

Good Conduct medals are posted a completely different way than other
medals. First off, you don't post them from the personnel file. You
start in the Promotions and Awards and hit 'New Topic'.

<http://i.imgur.com/6x0Cg.png>

Now, you should have a topic screen. The text of the post can be
different than others, but it must say this - "attendance over 80% and
no demerits for the past 90 days." Here are two different examples 1.
<http://29th.org/forums/index.php?topic=33570.0> 2.
<http://29th.org/forums/index.php?topic=31212.0> To get the medal to
show, you must put :/gcon: without the slash. As for the order of
people, you can put it Squad order (rank order) or platoon order (HQ,
Then S1, then S2, then S3.) Doesn't matter. The title should be. Good
Conduct Medals (BP2). Change BP2 to reflect your platoon though. Now
that its posted, what you need to do is copy the link to the post. Then
from there, head to a persons personnel file who received the award. Go
to their tour of duty, and click Create Entry. De-select 'Create Post'
and where it says Reference Link, but in the link to the award. Then go
down and select the box next to gcon. You repeat that to every person
who was awarded the good conduct medal.

<http://i.imgur.com/BeZUj.png>

## Scripts

### Transferring a soldier to a different squad assignment

Go to the member’s personnel file.

Click Scripts.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/Script.jpg>

Click Transfer.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/Transfer.jpg>

Enter new Squad Information (Assignment is Company, Platoon, Squad in
order), ensure “Create Post” and “Create TOD Entry” are checked.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/Newinformation.jpg>

Click Transfer button.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/CompleteTransfer.jpg>

Modify Post to include Signature, Title, and Name.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/CorrectTransferpost.jpg>

### Discharging a member

Go to the member’s personnel file.

Click Scripts.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/Script.jpg>

Click Discharge.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/Discharge.jpg>

Select Discharge Category.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/DischargeCategory.jpg>

If General Discharge, fill out “Reason for Discharge”. If Honorable
Discharge, fill out “Reason for Discharge” and “Reason for Resignation”.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/GeneralDischarge.jpg>

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/HonorableDischarge.jpg>

Click Discharge button.

<http://i245.photobucket.com/albums/gg62/qwackerjack/CompleteDischarge.jpg>

Ensure post is correct in Civil Announcements.

## AAR's - After Action Reports

As a clerk, you must do AAR's for your drills. Now, these differ from
platoon to platoon, but for all platoons, the clerk does the AAR's for
their squad and platoon drill. I like to use a format for my AAR's, its
not required but looks nice. I have the format, so if you should need
it, just message me. The AAR however should include the following:
Officer in Command (OIC), NCO is Command (NCOIC), Guests, Drill Report
(what happened, AIT, starting location, teams, results etc.), and notes.
This is what the AAR looks like when you editing it -

<http://i.imgur.com/2InUx.png>

All of the drill info goes in the box on the right. Select people who
attended then hit submit. Now, should you mess up and forget someone off
the AAR, don't worry. Just go back to it, hit modify at the bottom

<http://i.imgur.com/NM3Bc.png>

and it will bring up the AAR screen, check their name and it will
update. For company drills, some have their CO's do them, but for Baker,
BP1 and BP2 clerk switch off every week. All depends on where you are,
so ask your respective HQ's first.

## Steam groups

As a clerk, you also have responsibilities off the 29th website. You
must keep your Company (partial), Platoon, and your squad group up to
date. Ask your HQ for admin access for those groups. You must invite new
members to the groups, kick out discharged members, and do steam events
for your drills (Note: click the time that drills start for your own
timezone). As for the company group, invite your platoon members, the
other clerk will invite his own. You should also keep the info for the
group up to date, for example here is the BP2 group -

<http://i.imgur.com/it8p3.png>

<http://i.imgur.com/PIpm6.png>

The top screen shows what your steam group should have. Platoon HQ,
squad SL and ASL. The second screen shows events and members. Notice how
Platoon HQ and CO HQ are admins for the group. As well as Lt Col but
he's owner so. On the right under admin options, you have several
options. The two you will be using the most - Editing group profile (the
stuff in screen 1) and editing group members (stuff in group 2). When
editing members, you have a star (which will promote them to admin) or
an X which kick ‘em out.

