---
title: Rank Structure
permalink: /Rank_Structure
layout: page
author: JHill
date: 2016-08-16T07:25:55Z
category: 
---
One of the proudest aspects of the 29th Infantry Division is that ever
member has started out the same way. We have all enlisted as a Private,
gone through Basic Combat Training, and worked our way up the ranks.
Everyone from Squad Leaders to Platoon Leaders to Company Commanders to
the Battalion Commander has, at one time, been a Private, and you can
check their [Tour of Duty](Tour_of_Duty "wikilink") for proof.

If you are seeking information on rank organization you can find it [here](Rank_Organization "wikilink").

Below are the ranks of the 29th Infantry Division and what they mean.

## Privates

### Private (Pvt.)

Once cadets graduate basic combat training, they receive the 29th ID
shoulder patch and serve to carry out orders to the best of their
ability.

### Private, First Class (PFC)

This rank is awarded to Privates who have become valuable to the Squad
Leaders. They assist in drills, showing other Privates the ropes, and
are next in line for leadership positions.

## Non-Commissioned Officers

NCOs are the backbone of the army. Their role is to enforce policies and
regulations set by the officers, as well as to lead groups of soldiers
in combat.

### Corporal (E-5, Cpl.)

The entry-level NCO rank, a corporal is a PFC who has proven themself in
Leadership training and is capable of leading other soldiers. Usually
does not discipline the men as much as a higher NCO, but acts as a team
leader.

  - Asst. Squad Leader
  - Can lead squads if necessary

### Sergeant (E-4, Sgt.)

A Sergeant is a seasoned Corporal who demonstrates a perfect example of
an NCO in leadership, organization, and attitude.

  - Squad Leader

### Staff Sergeant (E-3, SSgt.)

A proven Sergeant who has been given the opportunity to lead at
platoon-level, with other NCOs reporting to them.

  - Platoon Sergeant

## Technicians

These are NCOs who serve in positions which require skills of a
technical nature such as clerks who handle the unit's paperwork,
engineers who develop custom content for the games we play, or certain
weapon specialists.

They are still NCOs, and as such can exercise the same authority over
other soldiers. They generally do not serve in leadership positions
because they are occupied with other important responsibilities. Each
Technician rank has an NCO equivalent, and they should be addressed as
such verbally.

### Technician, 5th Grade (E-5, T/5)

  - Verbally addressed as "Corporal"

### Technician, 4th Grade (E-4, T/4)

  - Verbally addressed as "Sergeant"

### Technician, 3rd Grade (E-3, T/3)

  - Verbally addressed as "Staff Sergeant"

## Senior Non-Commissioned Officers

SNCOs are NCOs who have been promoted up through the ranks due to their
dedication and experience. They will generally serve as advisors to the
officers, and will oversee the NCOs under their command to make sure the
Officers' policies are enforced. They will lead men in combat as well.

### Technical Sergeant (E-2, TSgt.)

A Technical Sergeant is a seasoned leader who typically serves as
platoon sergeant, and can hold a Company HQ position.

  - Platoon Sergeant
  - Can serve as Company Sergeant if necessary

### First Sergeant (E-1, FSgt.)

A key advisor to the Commander, the First Sergeant is often the most
respected enlisted member of the company, and known as the "Company
Boss." Helps run the company and has a wealth of experience under his
belt.

  - Company Sergeant

### Master Sergeant (E-1, MSgt.)

Typically found only once in a battalion, and assists in the Battalion
HQ. Also fulfilling the job of a First Sergeant, the Master Sergeant can
assist in running a company.

  - Battalion Sergeant
  - Company Sergeant

## Warrant Officers

Designated an officer by Battalion HQ Warrant Officers are classified as
officers but are distinguished from a Commissioned Officer by not having
completed the special training or OCS program. The duties performed by
Warrant Officers encompass the same jobs performed by Commissioned
Officers but are usually only held in an interim period until a
Commissioned Officer is available.

### Warrant Officer One (W-1, WO1)

The entry-level Warrant Officer rank, who typically leads a platoon
under the Company HQ's command.

  - Platoon Leader

### Chief Warrant Officer Two (W-2, CW2)

Usually the Executive Officer (XO) of a Company, the Chief Warrant
Officer Two is second in command and executes orders from the Captain,
but can be the Commanding Officer in absence of a Captain, or can lead a
platoon if necessary.

  - Company Executive Officer (XO)
  - Can serve as Platoon Leader if necessary

### Chief Warrant Officer Three (W-3, CW3)

The Chief Warrant Officer Three commands a Company, and is also referred
to as the Company's Commanding Officer (CO).

  - Company Commander

### Chief Warrant Officer Four (W-4, CW4)

The Chief Warrant Officer Four can be the Executive Officer (XO) of the
Battalion, but can be the Commanding Officer in absence of a Lieutenant
Colonel.

  - Battalion Executive Officer (XO)
  - Can serve as Company Commander if necessary

### Chief Warrant Officer Five (W-5, CW5)

Typically a Chief Warrant Officer Five would serve as a technical
leader, manager, integrator, and advisor for specific areas defined by
Bn. HQ. The Chief Warrant Officer Five may command an entire Battalion
in the absence of a Maj. or LTC or server as as the Bn. XO if needed.

  - technical leader, manager, integrator, and advisor
  - Battalion Executive Officer (XO)
  - Can serve as Battalion Commander if necessary

## Commissioned Officers

The highest ranking members of the Unit are the officers. They have gone
through special training to perform their jobs, set policy, and oversee
large groups of soldiers. These are the only members who are to be
saluted.

### Second Lieutenant (O-1, 2Lt.)

The entry-level Officer rank, who typically leads a platoon under the
Company HQ's command.

  - Platoon Leader

### First Lieutenant (O-2, 1Lt.)

Usually the Executive Officer (XO) of the company, the First Lieutenant
is second in command and executes orders from the Captain, but can be
the Commanding Officer in absence of a Captain, or can lead a platoon if
necessary.

  - Company Executive Officer
  - Can serve as Platoon Leader if necessary

### Captain (O-3, Cpt.)

The Captain commands a Company, and is also referred to as the Company's
Commanding Officer (CO).

  - Company Commander

### Major (O-4, Maj.)

The Major is usually the Executive Officer of the Battalion, but can be
the Commanding Officer in absence of a Lieutenant Colonel.

  - Battalion Executive Officer
  - Can serve as Battalion Commander if necessary

### Lieutenant Colonel (O-5, Lt. Col.)

The Lieutenant Colonel commands the entire Battalion, and is the highest
rank in the unit.

  - Battalion Commander

