---
title: Steam Groups
permalink: /Steam_Groups
layout: page
author: Wilson
date: 2011-09-26T18:00:13Z
category: 
---
The 29th Infantry Division has created official Steam groups for both
Companies and every Platoon. Your Platoon Clerk will be scheduling every
drill in each group for each week so that you can receive a pop-up when
drills start. The Platoon Clerk will also invite incoming members and
remove discharged members to/from their respective groups.

You all should have received an invite to (1) your Platoon's group and
(2) your Company's group. Below are links to these groups. If you are
not a member of both your platoon and your company's group, please
[Contact Your Squad Leader](Contact_Your_Squad_Leader "wikilink") who
will forward it to your platoon clerk.

Official 29th Steam Groups List

  - [Able Company](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/able29th)
  - [AP1](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thAP1)
  - [AP2](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thAP2)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Baker Company](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thBaker)
  - [BP1](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thBP1)
  - [BP2](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thBP2)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Charlie Company](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thCharlie)
  - [CP1](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thCP1)
  - [CP2](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thCP2)
  - [CP3](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thCP3)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Dog Company](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thDog)
  - [DP1](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thDP1)
  - [DP2](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thDP2)

There is also an unofficial [29th
ID](http://steamcommunity.com/groups/29thid) member group, but it is
completely unregulated - it contains former members, non-members,
cadets, etc. and does not contain any drill information - it's just a
regular group. There are also several other 29th related groups, even
platoon groups and squad groups, but these are also unregulated. The
difference with the groups listed above are that Platoon Clerks will
regulate them weekly.

It is our hope that having the events scheduled in the company and
platoon groups will have a significant impact on attendance. How can you
forget about drills when it pops up on your screen? ;) (Note you must be
running Steam to receive the pop-up)

